In order to advance to Conjurer, you must pay your Guild Dues of 200 septims. Will you pay these dues now?.
Excellent, . Now that these formalities are out of the way, I can grant you the rank of Conjurer..
You cannot advance until you pay your dues. The Mages Guild Charter only allows us to accept Imperial coin..
Manwe has failed to pay her dues for several years, and she now owes us over 2000 septims. Allegedly she is researching something in Punabi, near Llarar Bereloth in Sulipund. If you can convince her to pay the dues, I will split them with you. Otherwise, kill her..
Leave Balmora going towards Fort Moonmoth to the east. Cross the old Dwemer bridge just north of the fort that leads into Molag Amur. Go past the Dwemer ruin and follow the winding trail east until you reach a lake. You will see Marandus to your south. I will mark this stronghold on your map. Head north from Marandus on the path between the hills. Punabi will be on your right and Sulipund is further up the path on the left. Just follow the signs to Molag Mar..
Have you convinced Llarar Bereloth to join us? Do you have Manwe's guild dues?.
Do you have the 2000 septims that Manwe owes?.
Good work, . You are the first Conjurer to get Manwe to pay her dues. I knew I could rely on you..
Then go back to Manwe and get the dues from her. If you can't convince her, kill her. Don't come back here again until you got some results..
Have you convinced Llarar Bereloth to join us? Do you have Manwe's guild dues?.
The Telvanni name is Llarar Bereloth. He's in Sulipund. If you can't convince him to join, kill him. While you're there, collect the guild dues from Manwe. She is in Punabi, nearby..
Sulipund is just further along the trail from Punabi. Sulipund is just before the fork in the path..
Have you convinced Llarar Bereloth to join us? Do you have Manwe's guild dues?.
Good work, . Maybe he'll give us some info on the Telvanni. I suppose I could find something to give you for your efforts... Here, take these spare potions. And did you get Manwe's guild dues?.
What do you want, Conjurer ? Do you want more duties or not?.
An Argonian at the South Wall Cornerclub is offering training in Restoration without the sanction of the Guild. I want someone to stop his unsanctioned training..
I have word that an Argonian is offering training in Restoration at the South Wall Cornerclub. This Argonian, whoever he is, does not have the sanction of the Mages Guild. Convince him to stop offering unsactioned training..
Have you taken care of that Argonian?.
I don't believe you did take care of him. Go back and do the job right this time..
Then why are you here? Get that lizard to stop offering training..
Have you put a stop to that unsanctioned training?.
Have you taken care of that Argonian?.
Good. We can't allow just anyone to offer training in magic..
What do you want, Magician ? Do you want more duties or not?.
The scholar Itermerel needs an escort to Pelagiad... But I want Itermerel's notes..
Itermerel has just arrived in Balmora and doesn't know his way around. He wants to be escorted to the Halfway Tavern in Pelagiad. I don't care if he makes it or not, . I just want a copy of his notes. He should be waiting at the Eight Plates..
Well, do you have the notes or not?.
So you have the notes? Bring them to me..
Don't just stand there. Go find Itermerel and get his notes for me. My patience is limited..
I am waiting for Itermerel's notes..
Well, do you have the notes or not?.
Good work, . You'll go far in the Mages Guild..
What do you want, Magician ? Do you want more duties or not?.
I believe Tashpi Ashibael in Maar Gan has been practicing Necromancy..
Right. Tashpi lives in Maar Gan. She's the one who has been practicing necromancy..
Find Tashpi Ashibael in Maar Gan and kill her. The Mages Guild cannot tolerate necromancers..
Do the citizens of Maar Gan still have to worry about necromancy?.
You've killed Tashpi? Good work, . These scrolls should help you deal with any other necromancers you find..
Do the citizens of Maar Gan still have to worry about necromancy?.
Did you kill the necromancer?.
She is truly dead? You have done me... the Guild, that is, a great service. These scrolls should help you deal with any other necromancers you find..
I do not see what could possibly be difficult about this assignment, . Find Tashpi Ashibael in Maar Gan and kill her..
What do you want, Warlock ? Do you want more duties or not?.
I believe the Mages Guild has been infiltrated by a Telvanni spy..
Go to the Guild halls in Ald'ruhn, Vivec, and Sadrith Mora. I'm sure there's a spy. When you find the spy, do not take any action. Report back to me..
Have you found the Telvanni spy?.
Yes, this is exactly the kind of proof I was looking for. Excellent work, . It's a shame that the guild is run by a scuttlehead with no sense or ambition like Trebonius. These credentials are the worst forgery I've seen in years. Even Ocato's name is misspeleld. Please take these scrolls and this dagger for helping the guild..
Imperial s'wit. He knows nothing of the Dunmer and even less of politics. When you're speaking with him, just nod your head and smile and then forget everything he said.